A great amount of liturature has been done in the field of nuptual pairing. This paper describes a case study of 

Data points


Strategy:
Opening remarks, tools, methods, 
document study ntoing findings along the way.
Analysize compatability scores
Final remarks and conclusions.



Prayer must be a continual practice. Imploring God for wisdom in regard to matremony and singleness. Diligent attention should be placed on guarding oneself
from emotional dependency on any particular partner until necessary prerequisites have been placed by both divine requirments and contextual signals.

Early days were dounting and percarious. I crafted parites with sufficient maletofemale ratios to avoid uneasiness.
Allowing each to observe the other in sufficient public settings before moving on to privite one on ones.


First encounters suggest italian food, walks, scientific topics, and copious amounts of attention would produce desired results.
Early analysis indicated that long walks and suptuous amounts of pasta and fried chicken created ideal bonding conditions. 


Prerequisite 1: Strong signals of Christian devotion.
Alignment threshold: 92%



a Balance of safty, excitement, seriousness, and "cheese", Prioritize safety and common sense over elaborate or silly displays of affection. 

To start the relationship, it is important to come across as friendly and repecting, and mature. 
Conversations do not have to be formal, but should not get too deep into each others feelings. Ideal topics would include her background, her interests, her prefferences. 

Homegrown was a neutral area close to her work that offered food we both enjoyed. 

Her favorite foods being italian. Particularly, Chicken Parmesian. I looked up the best offerings of Chicken Parmesian in the area and promptly booked a table. 


and potentially
avoid being overexcited


Have a exciting trip planned in the future to imply that I was serious about building the relationship.
my favorite pictures of you are from our trip to Longwood.


It is therefore my humble conclusion that R H and the author be immediatly matrimonied at the earliest possible convinience. 
The author kindly requests exactly (1) lifetime of funding to further explore this promsing area of reserach.
